Good evening, honorable professors, dear fellow students, thank you for attending this Proposal Defense, I am Feng Yunjia. My finial project is Object Detection website based on deep learning, my supervisor is professor Hou.



My presentation is mainly divided into four parts: Introduction, Background Research, Significance and Implementation, Project Plan.



First, I wanna introduce the definition of Object Detection. Object detection is to find all the objects of interest in the image, including object positioning and object classification. In short, the task is to find what the object is and give it a class, then find where the object is, then roughly located it with bounding box.



Then, I would like to talk about the related tasks of object detection, and their difference. First, we could focus on single object tasks, there are classification,  and classification and localization, the difference is that: one image could only have one object. While object detection and instance segmentation are multiple objects tasks. Instance segmentation is a much difficult task where the objects should be clearly segmented by its shape.



Next, I will introduce the background research part. Let's look at this traditional method of object detection, Sliding Window algorithm. This algorithm will use different sizes of windows, which consisted  of pixels, for example, 3x3, 5x5, 8x8, then the window will go through the whole image one slide after another, and find the interest object. However, this method is really slow and has a huge cost on performance.



Then, mainstream object detection algorithms are based on Deep Learning, there are one-stage methods including Yolo and SSD, and Two-Stage methods including Faster R-CNN, these are the structures of two kinds of methods. It is clearly that the one-stage structure is less complex, so it only need one stage to generate location and confidence without Region Proposal stage.



Then we going to talk about 3 state of art deep learning model
